Okay, so we're going to do a little demo of AMP.
So we're going to start with creating a workflow. So I'm here in AMP.
I'm going to come in and create a new workflow.
And we're going to call this workflow transcripts,
AWS transcribe, and whisper.
We're going to use this workflow to create transcripts from
both modules. Okay,
so here is the workflow editor that's being provided by
Galaxy, which is our open source project.
Okay, so we're going to create a workflow here.
First thing I'm going to do is get some data.
And then we're going to grab our audio from it because we're in transcripts.
So what we need is the audio from the input
file. And the next step,
we're going to come to the speech to text section.
You can see we have AWS transcribe as one of our metadata
generation tools. And then we also have whisper as
one of our metadata generation tools. So I'm going to add them both in here.
So it'll be creating transcripts via two different mechanisms.
And we'll connect to the audio from
the source up to both of them.
We really only need the transcripts,
so we don't need these other types of outputs.
And then whisper is capable of producing a web VTT file,
but AWS transcribe,
we need to do conversion to web VTT.
So I'll add that bit on here.
And I'll pass along the diarization and the transcript
that's been generated.
Okay, we don't need that. Okay, so we have a simple workflow here.
We've got our input coming in.
We've got our audio going to both speech to text to generate web
VTT and then also going to AWS transcribe
to generate a web VTT.
We've named this whisper, we've named this.
Transcripts, AWS transcribe and whisper,
and then we're going to add a tag here to make sure that it is
published.
And then while that's going to click done here.
And now that we've created this workflow,
we're going to go actually go back and run this workflow.
So we can go ahead and select this from workflow. Here it is,
right here. And we're going to go ahead and type in,
we're going to put in one of our Clio collection files from
1967. These are the
35 millimeter winners from the US 1967.
We'll go ahead and add that file, and we can run the workflow.
Okay, so that workflow is submitted.
And we can go and see that'll probably take a few minutes to run.
And then we can go into the dashboard.
So dashboard here and amp shows the outputs from all
different workflows that have been submitted by different people into the past
and can be filtered.
So if we wanted to we could come in here and filter this by for the
file that we just submitted.
Here's the 35 millimeter award winners.
We can see only these files.
And then we can take a look at the output. So if you look here,
we got a web
VTT file created by whisper here.
And so this can be just saved down to your computer as one way to get
the file.